[Applause] Oh, U,
is it ready
yet? The
April sky is bright, fat birds fly
across the sky, leaves withered, colorful, lovely CH, the
more the image of the butterfly, the
father, BT, x Oh, smelly. Today, the birth of the Buddha, the
Buddhists, the flower cart, Buddhists singing and dancing,
celebrating the Buddha's birth,
asking the Buddha to light five buffaloes together, together lighting five buffaloes
together, the
flower cart, the lime, our respectful
celebration of the Buddha's birth. Respectfully, to
all the great assembly, we often
learn in the scriptures that when the Buddha
was born in heaven, the celestial beings offered flowers and
offerings, and two streams of sacred water bathed the
body of the Buddha. But truly, since the
Golden Pagoda organized the Buddha's birth celebration today, we have
truly experienced it, just like the ancient Vilave folk songs,
as the master taught, the
celestial beings sprayed water to bathe the prince,
and the people also benefited from it. And today we benefit too.
At first, we didn't know,
we just hoped for rain,
but it turns out...  Our expectations
are inaccurate, aren't they,
everyone? Seeing
this rain, we are truly immersed
in the atmosphere of the time of the Buddha's
birth, more than 2600 years ago. That
is, today's rain is very strange compared
to summer rain. Summer rain usually
starts with thunder, especially at high altitudes, and even at noon it's
already thundering, with lots of
lightning. But today there's no thunder and
no lightning, just a light drizzle, just right, is
n't it, everyone? Just right.
[Music]
April sky, bright, birds chirping, the sky is harmonious,
leaves are colorful, the heavens are amazed, the
sky is amazed, celebrating the Buddha's birth. Buddhists
throughout the South, Buddhists throughout the
globe, joyfully commemorating the Buddha's birthday. Buddhists make
flower floats, Buddhists sing hymns, celebrating the Buddha's birthday.
Buddhists cry.  In the South, together we ride the flower-decorated car,
Buddhists weep. In the South, together we ride the flower-decorated car,
singing hymns to celebrate the Buddha's birthday.
[Music]
Joyful, joyful, joyful, we celebrate and bow to the
Buddha.
[Music]
All of us, thanks to this merit, have been able to
learn the true Dharma of the
Buddha, becoming people who benefit the
masses, benefit humanity. All
of us, through this merit, we dedicate
this merit to all the deities,
all the heavenly beings, all the earthly beings, all the
Dragon Gods and
Dharma Protectors, all the demons and spirits,
and all the spiritual beings. May they all
receive blessings from our merit
today and be blessed with peace,
happiness, and Dharma companionship for
many lifetimes, assisting each other in our
practice until the day of the Great Buddha's Birthday.
May all who participate, all
who direct their hearts towards the Great Buddha's Birthday celebration
today, and the Buddha's Birthday celebration
throughout the world in April,
have their karmic obstacles eliminated.  May the
blessings of wisdom and enlightenment grow, may all our
wishes and good intentions in this present life be fulfilled
soon. May we strive diligently in the future, and may we dedicate
the merits to
our ancestors and all the
heroic Vietnamese warriors, so that they may always be well, receive blessings, and
have the opportunity to take refuge in the
Three Jewels, develop Bodhicitta, and connect with
us in the future to achieve the path of impermanence.
May the country be peaceful, the
people be happy, and may
all beings and things in the universe enjoy
this blessing and together attain Buddhahood. May all the esteemed Buddhas and
Bodhisattvas be very grateful.
[Music]